Grammar update (#6020)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/faq/interpolation-the-fill-modifier-explained.md

## How to control interpolation?

> The default interpolation for all metric types is linear and is performed up to 5 min after real samples. Interpolation is disabled by the `.as_count()` and `.as_rate()` modifiers when used on any [metric type][2].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default interpolation for all metric types is linear and performed up to five minutes after real samples. Interpolation is disabled by the `.as_count()` and `.as_rate()` modifiers when used on any [metric type][2].
```
